Your cousin defaces and ruins a family heirloom you care about. Trigger.
Your relationship with your partner worsens over time, small things adding up over the years that make you think you're being manipulated. Trigger.
Your spouse works and you stay at home. One day, you discover that they are sabotaging your attempts at finding work. Trigger.
Your spouse is abusive, and after one particularly bad night, you have had too much and shoot them with a gun. The sight of the corpse in the aftermath makes you trigger.
You were raised by parents with emotional problems and tried to be as polite as you could to counteract it. After you leave, you realize that you have no sense of identity because of this. Trigger.
You were looking forward to growing up, but an accident and the operation after it traps you in puberty forever. Trigger.
You didn't raise your child well after the divorce. They trigger, swapping bodies with you, and abuse you as revenge. You trigger.
Fleeing from the police, you jump a fence and impale yourself on the spikes. You trigger when you see the approaching lights, still in agonizing pain.
You were well known for your skills in a brawl, but as you got older, those skills faded. Drunk, past your prime, and looking for someone to beat up, you trigger in a bar when everyone ignores you.
People spread false rumors about you online and they grew until you were doxxed. The online harassment turned into real life harrassment, interfering with your job, your life, and your relationships. Trigger.
Your parents treated you unusually, and you took it upon yourself to find out why. You discovered that you were adopted, the child of an incarcerated supervillain, and the emotional betrayal makes you trigger.
Your job is to protect children from their abusive families and find them new homes. Your last case was especially bad, but the parents lie in court and you realize you won't be able to do anything to help this child. Trigger.
You are a doctor. A cape threatens to kill you if you don't treat their relative, and that if you fail, they will kill you. You trigger when you realize there is nothing you can do to save the patient.
You used to be smart, but years have passed and you can't find any inspiration anymore. You struggle at your job, failing to meet the bar your past self set, and you trigger under the pressure.
You and a group of friends were trapped underground when spelunking. You trigger when you realize there is no way out.
You're so sick that it affects your life and you have to get surgery for it. You lose your friends, your grades drop, and the surgery fails. You trigger.
Your doctor tells you that you have a disease that will deteriorate your brain until you aren't capable of coherent thought. Trigger.
You were left a large sum of money in a will, but you get sick shortly after. You are certain that a family member is trying to poison you for the inheritance, but you can't figure out who. Trigger.
A villain killed someone important to you, and you pursued revenge. When you tried to shoot them, they were unharmed, and now you can feel them starting to kill you as well. Trigger.
You injure yourself during your hobby of parkour. The injury causes you to get hit by a car. Trigger.
You were arrested and placed in an interrogation room, but you have been ignored for hours, maybe days. You are beginning to feel the possibilities of dehydration, and you realize you may die here. Trigger.
Your husband is a Master that forces you to claim he is a hero. You trigger after months of stress.
You did something illegal to make money for your child. You are arrested and realize you may never see your child again. Trigger.
You have been cheating on your spouse, and are with your partner on a trip. You find your partner tied up, and your spouse ready to harm you. Trigger.
Your parents are professional ice skaters and you will never live up to their expectations. Trigger.
After being kidnapped, you developed Stockholm Syndrome. When you were rescued, you realize you will never see your captor again. Trigger.
You saved money over five years to buy a guitar, but you were mugged on your way to buy it. Trigger.
A Tinker controls you with a machine that turns you into a puppet. You trigger after weeks of abuse.
You try a new diet of water and carrot juice, but it causes poisoning and liver failure. Trigger.
You can only trust your partner. Everyone else is trying to kill you. When your partner is hospitalized you realize that you have nobody to protect you. Trigger.
An accident left you comatose. When you woke you were told that your spouse died in that accident and you now owe too much money for the medical care. Trigger.
You can't stand being around people but society forces you to interact with them. Trigger.
An equipment malfunction during skydiving causes your mask to come loose. You trigger as you realize you will die of hypoxia or black out before you can pull the parachute cord.
You were poisoned with dimethylmercury. You realize you have days to live. Trigger.
After a successful case as a defense attorney, the prosecuting party confronts you and holds you at gunpoint. Trigger.
You were bullied at school, but the Principal told you that he didn't want to bring attention to the case because it would damage the school's reputation. Trigger.
You hang out on the roof of a building with your friends and get drunk. One falls off on accident, and you trigger.
You and your mother live alone, avoiding your abusive father. One day, he arrives. Trigger.
You are freezing to death outdoors and cannot find shelter. Trigger.
You accidentally run over your child. Trigger.
You fall into the shark tank while working at the aquarium. Trigger.
Your mother's new boyfriend abuses you and abuses your mother when she tries to protect you. Trigger.
Your parents don't believe you are a deer. You run away from home and pretend to be a deer. You trigger when you realize you do not know how deer survive in the wild.
Your favorite online game and only hobby slowly loses players. You lose your online and only friends and one day the game is cancelled, leaving you with nothing. Trigger.
Your boss pressures you into taking stimulants to improve your work efficacy. Trigger.
You have been avoiding your father, who is stalking you. He finds you and shoots you. Trigger.
You slip on the floor in a food preparation area. Your arm falls into the deep fryer. Trigger.
You fall out of a car while trying to smash mailboxes with a baseball bat. Trigger.
You know that God is always watching you and you know you can't avoid his gaze. It all becomes too much. Trigger.
You start a protest and cover yourself in lighter fluid. One of the other protesters accidentally sets you on fire. Trigger.
Your dog has puppies but none of them are breathing. Trigger.
Your single mother works three jobs and doesn't have time for you. One day, the stress causes her to snap and beat you. Trigger.
Your parents kept you medicated because they knew you had the potential to get powers. When you realize, you want to stop, but the addiction to the medication makes it difficult. Trigger.
You achieve nirvana, but your life is threatened. You realize you are uncertain about the afterlife, and trigger.
You are harassed over the years by a stalker. One day, they send you a message with your photograph in it. Trigger.
You are exhausted and stressed by the daily routine of being a single parent. You are distracted and crash your car. You can hear your children screaming. Trigger.
A cruel stranger exploits your phobia of hot water and mocks you for it. Trigger.
Your brother convinced you to get on a ferris wheel, but the height is too much and it looks structurally unstable. You panic and rattle the ferris car, which frightens you more. Trigger.
You love your parent but a police man shows you evidence that they are a drug dealer. Trigger.
Homeschool left you unprepared for high school. You are a social outcast. Trigger.
A cape fight traps your child and you can't save them. Trigger.
You get extremely sick in an area with poor medical coverage. Trigger.
You used to be famous, but were forgotten after several years. You trigger in obscurity.
You are an immoral lawyer. Someone poisons you as revenge. Trigger.
Your wife had a power that let her envelop your body like armor. You acted as heroes together. One day, when she takes herself off of you, the damage you had sustained becomes evident. You trigger when you feel your organs being crushed.
You are working a sixteen hour shift as a surgeon. You are exhausted and your patient dies on the table. You trigger as the patient's family screams at you for your failure.
You are jealous of your spouse's best friend and poison them, but you are discovered. Trigger.
You killed your abusive father when you were young, but someone is using that to blackmail you. Trigger.
You were drunk driving and got in an accident that killed your spouse and two others. Feeling intense guilt, you trigger.
Your father never treated you well because you were the result of an affair. He dies and you never get closure. Trigger.
Your partner was killed in a car accident and you will never see them again. Trigger.
Someone takes you prisoner and poisons you. Trigger.
You were gaslighted by your partner and manipulated. When you realize, you trigger.
You got pregnant in high school and got an abortion. You became a social outcast. Trigger.
You had a phobia of physical contact after being attacked. When your spouse gives you a hug, you react poorly and badly injure them. Trigger.
You are sentenced to fifteen years of solitary confinement for your crimes. Nobody can understand your genius. Trigger.
You offended some capes while they were drunk. They torture you with their powers. Trigger.
You believe that the country is run by lizard people. One day, you see a lizard person outside of their flesh suit and confront them, but they attack you. You trigger, knowing the truth will die with you.
You are stung many times by warrior wasps in the rainforest. The pain drives you insane and you trigger.
You have a heart problem and can't find a replacement. You turn to the black market to buy an organ. It turns out to be an FBI sting. You are arrested. Trigger.
You and your brother run away from home to escape your abusive parents. One day, a police man tells you your brother is dead because he turned to crime to provide for you. Now you have to live with your abusive family again. Trigger.
You are a failure at everything and you are obsessed with capes. One day you realize your obsession is what causes you to fail at everything. Trigger.
You fall down a storm drain and break your leg. You feel something that you think is a skull and you panic. Trigger.
Your blind date turns out to be someone who handcuffs and tortures you. Trigger.
You are interrogated by criminals. One of them prepares to lobotomize you with an ice pick. Trigger.
You overachieve in school to make your bereaved mother happy. It is too stressful and damages your health and social life. You start to perform poorly, which causes your mother to abuse you. Trigger.
You have diarrhea on your first day of university. You try to hold it in until you get home, but you can't. You shit yourself in public and ruin your life. Trigger.
You try to summon a demon with a dark ritual to trade your soul for power. You get scared partway through the ritual, however, and think you feel something brush up against you in the darkness. You are terrified and have changed your mind. You don't want to sell your soul. Trigger.
There is something wrong with you. Only violence makes you happy. Your father is a pastor and you want his approval. Only his guidance keeps you in check. One day a child sees you torturing a squirell and runs to tell your father. He will know you are a freak and will be disgusted with you. Trigger.
You drive on a narrow country road at night and see another set of headlights. You try to back up, but your car hits the edge of a cliff and the other driver doesn't stop. Trigger.
A cosmetic surgery to your genitals goes bad and leads to life threatening complications. Vanity and fear of judgement make you and delay treatment, but it doesn't get better. You collapse and are taken to a hospital. You trigger from pain, fear, and humiliation.
You're the unlucky bastard who triggers from getting dysentery. You almost shit yourself to death, even though you live in a first-world country.
You have a severe debilitating asthma attack while heading home late at night to see a friend with nobody around to help.
A head injury leads to skill-oriented amnesia. You lose the ability to perform basic tasks like writing and operating a doorknob, tying your shoes. Everyone's supportive, but they can't understand your frustration. In a fit, almost insane, you get into a car and drive off- or try to. Hurt and borderline deranged, you trigger.
You watched your family's shipping business fall to pieces after devastation to ports by Leviathan made things fall through. Trigger.
You try to run away from home, but you're caught packing. Your parents hold you down and force sleeping pills down your throat. When you wake up you hear them talking about how crazy you are. Trigger.
You're in a plane when the engine fails, the captain making reassurances you can hardly believe as you can see the smoke blowing right past your window. Doomed to a flying coffin, you trigger.
You fall into an underground cave system through a sinkhole, stumbling around in the pitch blackness. You trigger when you finally give up any hope of escaping the caves
You had juvenile diabetes, and your feet don't have the sensations of the rest of your body. Imagine the horror when you woke up to find that your pet Fluffles had eaten part of the foot and the toes of your right foot, trying to 'save' you from infected tissue.
You have drugs at a praty with friends. Afterwards you suffer from night terrors, nightmares, and sleepwalking. You trigger from frustration.
You are a teacher. A student of yours brings a gun to school after being continuously bullied. You stop him and he is killed by the police. Later, parents of one of the bullies harangue you about their child's grades. Trigger.
You met your soulmate and began to watch and follow them. You didn't mind that they had a significant other. You stayed under the bed and watched them. One day, you are discovered. Trigger.
You and your band are having your first performance. However, everything goes terribly wrong. You realize you and your band will never amount to anything. Trigger.
Your parents want you to be more socially outgoing and force you to go to therapy to improve your social skills. You hate the sessions and after many of them, you snap. Your father slaps you, and you trigger.
Your mouth was badly damaged when you drank chemicals as a child. Now your face is disfigured. You trigger when multiple people insult you on your appearance. Trigger.
You join a gang to keep your family safe, but your brother joins the same gang and gets addicted to meth. Trigger.
You attempt suicide by taking many different pills, but only succeed in chronically damaging your internal organs, suffering in agony. Trigger.
You met some people online and formed a suicide pact with them. After you met, you had second thoughts, as did a few others, but one of them refuses to honor that, and attempts to kill all of you. Trigger.
You are kidnapped and forced to fight in a fighting ring. Trigger.
You steal cars for a living, but one of the cars you stole had a tracker. You trigger as you are being chased by police cars and helicopters.
You and your partner stole copper wire to sell. Your partner died after being electrocuted by a live wire. Everyone is asking you about your partner's disappearance. Trigger.
You have a major phobia of germs. Your friends stage an intervention and invite you out for dinner, but you are disgusted by the state of things, and surrounded by unhygenic surfaces. Trigger.
Your mother takes good care of you and spoils you. However, she goes missing without a word for more than a week. When you finally hear the news, you find she's committed suicide. Trigger.
You fall into a septic tank and can't climb out. You are covered in filth and slowly drowning. Nobody answers your cries for help. Trigger.
You were kidnapped by a group of extremists, forced into marriage, and tattooed. Trigger.
You visit the site of a radioactive catastrophe and take appropriate precautions. However, toxic rain burns your skin and equipment, causing you to trigger.
You are trapped in a malfunctioning submarine and slowly running our of air. Trigger.
You hear about violent break-ins in your area. Your spouse leaves on a business trip and you can't sleep at night. One night you hear someone in your house and attack them, killing them. You realize it is your spouse. Trigger.
Your father was a Tinker. When he died he left you a bunch of money, but you wasted it all. You trigger when you realize you have nothing left.
You get drunk at a party and walk home instead of driving. It begins to rain heavily and you vomit on the ground and fall over. You feel like you are dying. Trigger.
You get a tattoo, but the tattoo scars, ruiniing your appearance. The scar will only get worse. Trigger.
After heroes arrive in your small town, the police begin to abuse their authority. They catch you performing a minor crime and waterboard you. Trigger.
Someone releases toxic gas into the vents at your school, causing you to trigger.
You find burglars in your home. The burglars tie you up and cut off your circulation while they rob you. They ignore you when you ask for help, and you trigger.
You are a serial killer. After killing someone, you are discovered by the police, who violently beat you and then arrest you. Trigger.
You have been lying to your parents about your college classes for four years. You are nowhere near graduating and are just falling into debt and wasting your life. One day they surprise you with a visit and realize your lie. Trigger.
You are diagnosed with a terminal illness. Your friends and family slowly increase their distance from you. Trigger.
The police man who killed your wife in a traffic accident is not punished for his crimes. Trigger.
You take illegal drugs at a party and begin hemorrhaging violently, but nobody helps you, instead just ignoring you or telling you to shut up. You trigger, unaware that you were only hallucinating.
Your parents expect you to become a professional athlete. You realize that they have dictated your entire life, and realize that you will be trapped in the life they've set out for you. Trigger.
You suffer from chronic cluster headaches and have for your entire life. One day the pain gets to be so bad that you resolve to kill yourself after the episode ends. Then, the pain gets even worse, and you trigger.
You are lost in the wilderness with no supplies after an expedition gone wrong. Trigger.
You had an embolism while working on an online project with others. You are paralyzed and slowly dying, and you watch your coworkers insult you for not contributing enough. Trigger.
You hear voices in your head. Surgery removes a tumor from your brain and the voices vanish. You trigger out of loneliness.
You wake to find your house on fire, and manage to get out. You realize your family is still inside, burning to death. Trigger.
Your mother poisons you and tries to make you trigger. It doesn't work, but when you go to the doctor and are told that you have organ failure and brain damage, you do trigger.
Your friend suffers a severe allergic reaction, but nobody believes you. They die despite your best efforts to get them medical care. Trigger.
You are trapped at work as your workplace burns to the ground. Trigger.
You are pressured to attend a rave and take illegal drugs. You pass out and are woken up by a police officer, who arrests you. Trigger.
You have metal implants in your body. A fight between two capes rips all the metal out of your body. Trigger.
You find out your father fed you tapeworms to qualify you for a modeling job. You trigger in pain as the tapeworms leave your body.
You are targeted by rumors in a small town. A vigilante attacks you. Trigger.
You are kidnapped by a cult that attempts to brainwash you into worshiping the Simurgh. Trigger.
The boy up the street has been sexually abusing you for years. One day, he tires of you and beats you up instead. Trigger.
You run out of gas in the wilderness and are attacked by wolves. Trigger.
You trigger in an Endbringer shelter after hearing the news that the city is doomed and the heroes have left.
An unhinged individual follows you home and threatens you. Trigger.
You are interviewed on live TV and jumble your words. Complete strangers mock you for your speech defect. Trigger.
You are blind and find yourself in an unfamiliar area. Nobody answers your cries for help. Trigger.
You join a gang in prison for protection, but the gang's influence diminishes. You are branded a Nazi for your affiliation and violently tortured by other prisoners. Trigger.
You lied about your school project and have nothing to present by the deadline. Trigger.
You are an underground fighter. One fight goes poorly for you and you are violently beaten and injured.
A stalker obsessed with your feet follows you relentlessly and harasses you with messages. One day, you see them leaving a message. You trigger.
You suffer from chronic fatigue syndrome and slowly lose the time and energy to do anything you love. Trigger.
You are large and muscular and collect fees as part of a protection racket. Someone half your size beats you up when you threaten them. You trigger out of pain and shame.
You triggered and got the power to trade bodies. You traded bodies with someone whose life was worse than yours and can't swap back. You trigger again.
Your friend falls into the tiger enclosure at the zoo and you jump in to save him. Now there is a tiger trying to kill you. Trigger.
You were a minor criminal, but you were made the scapegoat for many other crimes. You are arrested and sentenced for life. Trigger.
You swerve to avoid a drunk driver and crash your car. Trigger.
You go rock climbing and slip, tearing your fingernails off and falling to your death. Trigger.
You are obsessed with capes. One day you accidentally uncover a cape's secret identity. You begin to worry about what will happen, and trigger out of paranoia.
You are an amateur pilot in a stunt show. You make an error and your plane plummets to your death. Trigger.
You are stabbed by a random stranger. Trigger.
At a state gymnastics meet, you execute a jump poorly and land on your back. You realize that the accident has paralyzed you. Trigger.
You work in a daycare and were accused of pedophilia. Your entire life falls apart. Trigger.
You attend a comedy show and the comedian insults you relentlessly. Your friends and family laugh as he tears you to pieces. Trigger.
You love your spouse. One day you are called and told that they died in an accident. Trigger.
You like to feed the crows. One day no crows show up. You find out they were exterminated. Trigger.
You are pepper sprayed by a police man while protesting. It causes you to thrash around, and the police man beats you violently for resisting arrest.
Your family doesn't like your fiancee. He is late to your wedding and you discover it is because he is a supervillain and he was arrested by the Protectorate. Your family expresses their disgust and you trigger.
Your father introduces you to a secret society that he was a part of. As part of your initiation, you are hazed, and receive severe internal injuries.
A psychopath ties you up, dips your finger in liquid nitrogen, and shatters it. Trigger.
After years of working in pornography to support your drug addiction, you were forced to take on more egregious jobs. One of these jobs goes horribly wrong. Trigger.
You have cancer. Everyone knows you are dying. Every time you interact with someone you are aware. Trigger.
You are an artist, but an accident left you unable to create art. One of your critics ridicules your work. Trigger.
A protest you are part of turns into a riot. You are violently beaten by the police. Trigger.
You realize that anaesthesia has no effect on you when you undergo surgery, but cannot communicate it. Trigger.
Your wheelchair is stolen. Trigger.
You are locked in your high school as it burns to the ground. Trigger.
You are trapped on a burning cruise ship and forced to choose between death by burning or drowning. Trigger.
You have a compulsion that makes you pull out all your hair. One day you can't find any more hair. Trigger.
You have a skiing accident and you can feel your organs spill out of your body. Trigger.
You mug someone for their wallet and jewelry and run away. When you do, they shoot you in the back. You trigger, paralyzed.
Your mother surprises you on your birthday by telling you you are adopted and attempting to seduce you. Trigger.
You are attacked by a man who mistakes you for your deadbeat twin. Trigger.
Your mother has Alzheimer's disease and doesn't remember who you are. Interacting with her is unbearable. Trigger.
You buy a very cheap car, and you are chased by the police because the car is stolen. You crash it into a tree and trigger.
Your parents find your drugs and send you to rehab. You are abused at rehab and suffer from the effects of withdrawal. You attempt to run away, but are caught. Trigger.
In the aftermath of an Endbringer attack, you fight a scavenger over supplies. After you kill him, you realize what you have done, and trigger.
You collect items because each item has a memory associated with it. Your relatives accuse you of hoarding and take all of your posessions away. Trigger.
You accidentally cut off three of your fingers while working on a woodworking project. Trigger.
A drunk man barges in on you when you use the bathroom and vomits on you. Trigger.
Two relatives of yours are capes. They are enemies. A fight between them at a family reunion injures you. You trigger.
Your ex-spouse does not let you see your children. You crash your car into their house and fall unconscious. You wake up handcuffed to a hospital bed. Trigger.
You turn a bomb shelter into a prison to trap people you kidnap, but lock yourself inside by mistake. Trigger.
You go fishing with a friend. The weather gets bad, and your friend drowns. You are also about to drown. Trigger.
You can't have kids so you have pets instead. One of the dogs you briing home mauls all of your pets. You trigger.
You trip over a homeless man who attacks you. When he claws you with his dirty fingernails, you trigger out of fear of infection.
You are mocked by hundreds of thousands of people online. Trigger.